.. title: Escape From Area 52
.. slug: ea52
.. date: 2017-04-25 17:19:49 UTC-05:00
.. tags: Games,School,Projects 
.. category: games 
.. link: 
.. description: DeVry Senior Graduation Project 
.. type: text

NOTE:
*****
This game is likely broken due to version issues with Windows C++ libraries. It was a pretty rudimentary alpha release with broken graphics anyways. I’ll try to fix it later if I get some time.

DOWNLOADS:
**********
`Executable </files/EA52.zip>`_ | `Source </files/EA52-Source.zip>`_
*********************************************************************

STORY:
******
You play Agent John Smith from An Agency Without An Acronym (AAWAA) sent on an ultra-secret mission to the hidden space station orbiting above the dark side of Pluto, Area 52. Upon reaching the station, it is found to be overrun by rampant extra-terrestrials suffering from a munchy bender with a taste for secret government scientists!

GAME PLAY:
**********
Arrow keys move the player. Collect keys to open doors. Contact with an enemy or projectile removes 25 health & resets you back to the level start. Touching an ally frees them and heals 50 health. Free all allies on a level to receive the Master Key required for opening the level exit. Escape pauses and menus have instructions for relevant controls.

CHEATS:
*******
From the Pause Menu...

* C – Toggle Cheat Mode, No Clipping & God Mode. Keys, Allies & Doors still work. Leaving level boundary results in progressing to next level.
* End – Move to next level
* K – Extra Keys
* M – Master Key

